---
layout: post
title: Learning from Conflicts
category: note
plugin: intense
hidden: true
scheme-text: "rgba(0, 3, 0, .35)"
scheme-code: "#FFF"

scheme-hover: "#EE6B33"
css: |
  body {
    background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom, #8D0000, #EA4701);
  }
---

## Discuss a time you had a conflict. What was it about? What happened? What actions did you take to resolve your conflict?

I mostly have internal conflicts, but I'll share a conflict I've had at work. Long story short is that I found out the person who I worked with in the same office was sleeping in her car. Once was alright, and then it happened again, and again. I felt disrespected the first time but shrugged it off. But after the third time, I didn't just feel disrespected, I was upset she didn't seem to care. Hell, I'd love to sleep at the job, but I can't do that, it's just not right. Some sass came out of my mouth something in the lines of, "I didn't think we could do that" and "Are you clocked in?". I might have hurt my coworker's feelings since it was weird the next day and the next etc etc. So I had to make a decision to lay it on the table and talk it out.

It felt good to talk and strighten things out a bit. I found why we were giving each other the cold shoulder and that she was also going through some tough times like I was at home. But unfortunately after talking to her, she still would end up dozing in her cubicle. I never found out if she has a sleeping problem. It was a very frustrating time in my life.

## If you could go back, what would you do differently, if anything?

Booze, srlsy, jk jk. I think that I did everything I could at the time to make it work. I talked to her and made amends. I could have been more calm and cool headed and not give her sass and that I should be in charge of my emotions more. That I should practice empathy because maybe it is an issue for her as well.

## What did you learn from this experience?

I learned a lot about myself. I learned that I hate being in a situation where I can't control things. That I react to my emotions right away instead of being cool headed. Things don't have to be so friggin hard if I just let go and to not take things so personal. I learned that sometimes, even if you do what you think is right, it doesn't mean that everything's gonna fall into place and expect a happy ever after.