---
layout: post
title: On Values
category: note
plugin: intense
hidden: true
scheme-text: "rgba(100, 16, 0, .35)"
scheme-code: "#FFF"
scheme-hover: "white"
css: |
  body {
    background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom, #C2DDCE, #D6D6C9);
  }
---

I have mixed feelings about values, for example, if the values one upholds is the same reason they are afflicted by it, what's the point? Same thing goes for... what if the values one upholds is the same reason they are self-centered?

When I think of the times in my life when I have been the happiest and proudest is when I'm doing the things I like, when I'm around people that accept me and when I have peace of mind.

So I guess for now I would say that the things I care a lot about are ambition, confidence, money, music and family. I'll skip music and family, that's straightforward and self-explanatory so I'll talk more about money, ambition and confidence.

There are things that money can buy such as convenience, time and having a peace of mind; I don't have to worry about expenses, such as mental and physical health, better education and basic needs. I always have been thrifty, and with that, I don't have peace of mind. Having to worry about trivial things such as saving a few dollars over convenience is surely something I care about.

When I think of ambition, it's the thing that drives me to wake up in the morning, the reason I work hard and go the extra mile. I think to myself that I'll be that person I want someday and I'm looking forward to that moment, and well maybe that moment is now...so maybe I missed the point, but anyway, ambition, if I don't have anything to look forward to, then what's the point.

People want to be around you when you're confident, people look up to you and ask you for an advice and in turn you get to be around the same confident people that inspire you and make you want to be better. Confidence is not the same as arrogance, it doesn't ask for affirmation nor care about being likeable. Confidence is believing in oneself and being self-reliant.